alert_manager
=============

Manage Mozilla performance alerts generated by talos.

# Installation

The production alert_manager server is running on Ubuntu, so this is
probably the easiest environment in which to get things running, but other
distributions of linux should be fine as well. We use Apache on the
production server, but alert_manager will run standalone for testing as well.

## Virtual environment (Optional):

It's generally a good idea to create new [virtual environment][venv] for each project
that you work on to not mess up with dependencies. You can install virtualenv with pip.
[Virtualenvwrapper][wrapper] provides nice commandline interface over virtualenv.

For instance, you can create new virtual environment with virtualenvwrapper like this:

    mkvirtualenv alert_manager

[venv]: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv
[wrapper]: http://www.doughellmann.com/projects/virtualenvwrapper/

## Installing dependencies (Required):

The easiest way to install all required dependencies is to use [pip][pip].

If you don't have pip installed, fix this by issuing following command:

    sudo easy_install pip

Now, when you got pip, run this command to get packages:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

If you don't want to use pip, you can check list of project dependencies in requirements.txt file
and install them in your preferred way.

[pip]: http://pip.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

## Pre-commit hook (Optional):

To enforce [Python code style][pep8] and avoid silly errors in your Python code,
you can set up git [pre-commit hook][git hooks], that will run checks on Python code you want to commit.

    ln -s ../../pre-commit.sh .git/hooks/pre-commit

In case you won't deal with found errors, you still can commit by issuing:

    git commit --no-verify

[pep8]: http://legacy.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
[git hooks]: http://git-scm.com/book/en/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks#Client-Side-Hooks

## Settings (For parse_news.py):

Alert manager supports environment-based settings.
To enable your own development settings you need to:

1. create local_settings/development.py file (just rename template file)

2. populate it with your settings

3. `export TARGET_ENVIRONMENT=development`


## Creating an config.ini file

The alert_manager uses a config.ini file to store identification and options.
You can create a default config.ini file by running:

    python config.py

Change the username and password for the database as required.

You will also either need a subscription to the mozilla.dev.tree-management
newsgroup, or make use of the sample data packaged in the sample folder.

## Database configuration:
Database setup and configuration scripts can all be found in <code>tests/resources/scripts</code>.
There are scripts for scrubbing and extracting the production database, plus
scripts for making a test database.

To create a test database for your dev machine

    python tests/resources/scripts/create_db.py

it uses your config.ini file to find **AND REPLACE** the schema with test data.

The database is populated by an instance of (datazilla-alerts)[https://github.com/klahnakoski/datazilla-alerts],
which is a whole other project.


## Start the app
Start the application:

    python server.py

You should see alert_manager running at http://localhost:8159/alerts.html.
