alert_manager
=============

Manage Mozilla performance alerts generated by talos.

# Installation

The production alert_manager server is running on Ubuntu, so this is
probably the easiest environment in which to get things running, but other
distributions of linux should be fine as well. We use Apache on the
production server, but alert_manager will run standalone for testing as well.

## Installing dependencies (Required):


First clone project repo locally as :
git clone https://github.com/jmaher/alert_manager.git 

The easiest way to install all required dependencies is to use [pip][pip].

If you don't have pip installed, fix this by issuing following command:

    sudo easy_install pip

Now, when you got pip, run this command to get packages:

    cd tests
    pip install -r requirements.txt

If you don't want to use pip, you can check list of project dependencies in requirements.txt(present in the tests folder) file
and install them in your preferred way.

[pip]: http://pip.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

## Creating an config.ini file

The alert_manager uses a config.ini file to store identification and options.
You can create a default config.ini file by running:

    python config.py
 
Change the username and password for the database as required in config.ini file .

You will also either need a subscription to the mozilla.dev.tree-management
newsgroup, or make use of the sample data packaged in the sample folder.

## Database configuration:
Sample data is included in the sample folder. To use it:

    cd sample
    (Extract Nov17.sql.gz (either using commandline or GUI))
    mysql --user <username> --password --database alerts < test.sql
 
   for ex if username=root 
   mysql --user root --password --database alerts < test.sql 
 * sometimes while running above mysql command error message will come that "alerts database not found ",in that case
   login to mysql database using command -> mysql -u <username> -p
   this will prompt for password after that will show mysql id . 
   once mysql id pops on screen means mysql correctly intstalled and now to create "alerts" database 
   command : mysql > create databse alerts ;
   this will show 1 row affected on success.

## Start the app
Start the application:
    /alert_manager/server.py run below command as :

    python server.py

You should see alert_manager running at http://localhost:8159/alerts.html
